Add per-record fallback language feature (#63)
zostera/django-modeltrans: docs/pages/working-with-models.rst

Advanced usage
==============

.. _custom_fallback:

Custom fallback language
------------------------

> By default, fallback is centrally configered with :ref:`settings_fallback`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, fallback is centrally configured with :ref:`settings_fallback`.
```

That might not be sufficient, for example if part of the content is created for a single language which is not ``LANGUAGE_CODE``.

> In that case, it can be con configured per-record using the ``fallback_language_field`` argument to ``TranslationField``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that case, it can be configured per-record using the ``fallback_language_field`` argument to ``TranslationField``::
```

    class NewsRoom(models.Model):
        name = models.CharField(max_length=255)
        default_language = models.CharField(max_length=2)

        i18n = TranslationField(fields=("name",), fallback_language_field="default_language")

You can traverse foreign key relations too::

    class Article(models.Model):
        content = models.CharField(max_length=255)
        newsroom = models.ForeignKey(NewsRoom)

        i18n = TranslationField(fields=("content",), fallback_language_field="newsroom__default_language")

> Note that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note::
```

Author: Volgens mij is het prima zo:

<img width="697" alt="Screenshot 2020-11-23 at 11 04 53" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1470389/99949700-c38da780-2d7b-11eb-9efe-f1c66b9d2eec.png">

>  - if in this example no `newsroom` is set yet, the centrally configured fallback is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - if in this example no `newsroom` is set, the centrally configured fallback is used.
```

 - the original field _always_ contains the language as configured by ``LANGUAGE_CODE``.

With the models above::

    nos = NewsRoom.objects.create(name="NOS (en)", default_language="nl", name_nl="NOS (nl)")
    article = Article.objects.create(
        newsroom=nos,
        content="US-European ocean monitoring satellite launches into orbit",
        content_nl="VS-Europeese oceaanbewakingssatelliet gelanceerd"
    )

    with override('de'):

>         # language 'de' not available, will fallback to the records default_language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # If language 'de' is not available, the records default_language will be used.
```

        print(nos.name)  # 'NOS (nl)'

>         # language 'de' not available, will fallback to the newsroom.default_language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #  If language 'de' is not available, the newsroom.default_language will be used.
```
